
 
1. Core concepts of Angular components


2. Concept of modules


3. Fundamentals of services and Dependency injection


4. Angular life cycle hooks


5. Basics of component Interaction


6. How to style anglular components


7. How to create dynamic components


8. What are directives? How structural directive and attribute directives works.


9. How pipes works in angular


10. Usage of Forms, like reactive forms and template driven forms, with form validation


11. Using Observables and RxJs


12. How NgModules works and what its components.


13. Basics of HttpClient module.


14. Working of angular Routing and Navigation


15. Basics of server side rendering



 
What is Spring Boot?


What are the advantages of Spring Boot?


What are the features of Spring Boot?


How to create Spring Boot application using Maven?


How to create Spring Boot project using Spring Initializer?


How to create Spring Boot project using boot CLI?


How to create simple Spring Boot application?


What are the Spring Boot Annotations?


What is Spring Boot dependency management?


What are the Spring Boot properties?


What are the Spring Boot Starters?


What is Spring Boot Actuator?


What is thymeleaf?


How to use thymeleaf?


How to connect Spring Boot to the database using JPA?


How to connect Spring Boot application to database using JDBC?


What is @RestController annotation in Spring Boot?


What is @RequestMapping annotation in Spring Boot?


How to create Spring Boot application using Spring Starter Project Wizard?


Spring Vs Spring Boot?



 
Difference between real DOM and virtual DOM?


Can we have 2 way data binding in react?


Is it possible to use React without rendering HTML?


How to define constants in react?


Different phases of component life cycle?Latest


What is the difference between element and component?


Functional vs class components?When to use a Class Component over a Function Component?


What are Pure Components?ex.


What are hight order components?Ex.


Purpose of callback function as an argument to setState()?


WHat is context in React?


What is this.props.children?


What is the purpose of using super constructor with props argument?


What is reconciliation and diffing algorithm?


What are React.Fragments? Why it is better than containers and divs?


Where to Fetch Data: componentWillMount vs componentDidMount?


What are the way to style components in react?


What are styled components?


How do you access props in attribute quotes?


What are "key" props and what is the benefit of using them in arrays of elements?


What do you understand by React.createRef()?


State Lifting?


What is the difference between super() and super(props) in React using ES6 classes?


What are controlled components vs uncontrolled components?


Difference between React and ReactDOM?


What is React router?


what is history.push()?


Redux vs Flux?


What are the three core principles of redux?


What are actions in redux?


what is redux saga?


What is the difference between mapstatetoprops() and mapdispatchtoprops()?


Can we maintain a separate state if we are using redux store?


Why are Redux state functions called reducers?


How to access redux store outside a react component?
 




What does DOCTYPE do?


Name at least 2 differences between HTML & XHTML


How many list types exist and what are they?


What is an <ul> tag?


How do you create bold text in HTML using a tag?


How do you create a link in HTML?


Name HTML tags used for tables that are specific


What is the difference in display between <div> and <span> elements?


If you don't specify the width of a <div> element in HTML what will the default width be?


Can you declare the <thead> after the <tbody> in a table?



 
What are the options for applying CSS to an HTML document?


How can you override an inline style?


What is the result of two separate external stylesheets defining conflicting rules (or the same stylesheet defining multiple conflicting rules) for the same element(s)?


Is it possible to include an external stylesheet in another stylesheet?


What (types of) selectors does CSS provide?


Is it possible to target an element based on its relationship to another element (e.g., B is a descendant of A, or B immediately follows A)?
 